For the firewall rules, make sure:
The bastion host does not have a public IP address.
You can only SSH to the bastion and only via IAP.
You can only SSH to juice-shop via the bastion.
Only HTTP is open to the world for juice-shop.

Tips and tricks:
Pay close attention to the network tags and the associated VPC firewall rules.
Be specific and limit the size of the VPC firewall rule source ranges.
Overly permissive permissions will not be marked correct.

1.Remove the overly permissive rules-

Check the firewall rules. Remove the overly permissive rules.

gcloud compute firewall-rules delete open-access

2.Start the bastion host instance-

Navigate to Compute Engine in the Cloud Console and identify the bastion host. The instance should be stopped. Start the instance.

Go to Compute Engine and start Bastion instance

3.Create a firewall rule that allows SSH (tcp/22) from the IAP service and add network tag on bastion-

The bastion host is the one machine authorized to receive external SSH traffic. Create a firewall rule that allows SSH (tcp/22) from the IAP service. 
The firewall rule should be enabled on bastion via a network tag.

gcloud compute firewall-rules create ssh-ingress --allow=tcp:22 --source-ranges 35.235.240.0/20 --target-tags ssh-ingress --network acme-vpc
gcloud compute instances add-tags bastion --tags=ssh-ingress --zone=us-central1-b

4.Create a firewall rule that allows traffic on HTTP (tcp/80) to any address and add network tag on juice-shop-

The juice-shop server serves HTTP traffic. Create a firewall rule that allows traffic on HTTP (tcp/80) to any address. 
The firewall rule should be enabled on juice-shop via a network tag.

gcloud compute firewall-rules create http-ingress --allow=tcp:80 --source-ranges 0.0.0.0/0 --target-tags http-ingress --network acme-vpc
gcloud compute instances add-tags juice-shop --tags=http-ingress --zone=us-central1-b

5.Create a firewall rule that allows traffic on SSH (tcp/22) from acme-mgmt-subnet-

You need to connect to juice-shop from the bastion using SSH. 
Create a firewall rule that allows traffic on SSH (tcp/22) from acme-mgmt-subnet network address. The firewall rule should be enabled on juice-shop via a network tag.

gcloud compute firewall-rules create internal-ssh-ingress --allow=tcp:22 --source-ranges 192.168.10.0/24 --target-tags internal-ssh-ingress --network acme-vpc
gcloud compute instances add-tags juice-shop --tags=internal-ssh-ingress --zone=us-central1-b

6.SSH to bastion host via IAP and juice-shop via bastion-

In the Compute Engine instances page, click the SSH button for the bastion host. Once connected, SSH to juice-shop.

In Compute Engine -> VM Instances page, click the SSH button for the bastion host. Then SSH to juice-shop by
ssh [Internal IP address of juice-shop]
// Replace the [Internal IP address of juice-shop] with the internal ip address of juice-shop instance mentioned in the VM instances page.
